because there's food in here lots of
food can you look good beautiful by the
way thanks many charity just this
morning we should mention that Kenny is
supported the US Navy man country that's
right yeah I and you guys really on your
own on your own buddy stuff like that
what actually we do a lot of stuff for
the Navy at the face of the day these
four hundred and forty thousand men and
women around the world taking care of
business right now and we are kind of
their link to back home and we represent
them lick the bowl clean black hole no
but they're still out there doing their
job they're working working working and
then all the applause feel good that's
on the fact that we get we pass that
back and they get up there and have a
good time bluegrass and country people
that's awesome and I yeah you're
specializing that do you need to travel
ever by to the ships Afghans and things
like that weather
we do travel abroad I haven't
particularly yet with this unit
most of the almost every state in the
United States except Hawaii but that is
part of our job wherever we're told to
go and play bluegrass country all right
now I don't want to call you out on this
because we didn't get a chance to talk
but I know you personally have some big
things maybe coming up soon so all right
in the meantime can you whet our
appetite a little thing absolutely well
what we're getting ready to do here
right now we're gonna do a song that we
did on the Grand Ole Opry when we
appeared there just last year and it's a
great privilege for me because the song
we're doing is one that I wrote about my
home state
go check that out check out our schedule
moving parameters we are so glad there
are people like you who love the spirits
of our military especially because Navy
so without further ado and gentlemen why
don't we take anyway please give it up
for u.s. Navy
sweet dreams
the plan
to me